WHITE DWARF -- CUE SHEET

1.  Performer: "[NAME] -- would you come up and help me?"

2.  Performer: Hand both envelopes to S to examine.

3.  Performer: Hand billet + pen to S -- silently take both envelopes back.

4.  Performer: "Parapsychologists claim
          that a strong mind projecting a thought vividly
          almost makes it visible.
          We're going to test that now."

5.  Performer: "Think of any object. 
          Something specifically important to you.
          But not something anyone could easily guess.
          Write it here -- but only after I leave the room."

6.  Performer: EXIT with both envelopes. 
          Switch small envelope for windowed duplicate.

7.  Performer: FROM OUTSIDE -- keep talking to fill the silence:
       "[NAME], when you are done, turn it face-down.
        Then raise your hand so the audience can see you're finished --
        they'll cheer to signal I should come back in."

8.  Performer: ENTER. Hold windowed envelope open yourself, flap toward S.
       "[NAME] -- slide it in."

9.  Spectator: Slides card into envelope.
    Performer: Seals the envelope.

10. Performer: Slide sealed small envelope into large envelope -- GET PEEK as you do.
     Performer: "Now tell everybody, you and I didn't discuss this beforehand, correct?"
     Spectator: Confirms.

11. Performer: Pocket the large envelope immediately.

12. P + Spectator: Both turn to face forward together.
    Performer: "Imagine a giant photograph of that object, projected onto a large screen,
        filling the whole room. This is the strong sense I'm getting."

13. Performer: Turn to whiteboard. Write associated word. Cross it out. Write actual word below.
       Hand board face-down to Spectator: "Hold this."

14. Performer: "My initial impression was [CROSSED-OUT WORD].
        What were you thinking of?"
    Spectator: Answers.
    Performer: "I actually changed my mind. Tell everyone if I was close."
    Spectator: Turns the board around.

15. Performer: "Thank you. As you head back to your seat."

16. TRANSITION:
    Performer: "That's what happens when you think of an object. Now -- what if it's a human being."
